raise the default Redis timeout to 500ms (#5795)
apollographql/router: .changesets/config_geal_raise_redis_timeouts.md

> ### raise the default Redis timeout to 500ms ([PR #5795](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5795))
> 
> The default Redis command timeout was initially set at 2ms, which is too low for most production usage. It is now raised to 500ms by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Increase default Redis timeout ([PR #5795](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5795))

The default Redis command timeout was increased from 2ms to 500ms to accommodate common production use cases.
```
